this is actually relatively easy just
unscrew this tug on it do with one hand
you're gonna kind of feel like you're
doing something wrong little by little
see that just needs to come out okay
hold and you pull on you pull did you
see you got this one right here yeah
doesn't right here I want to go in there
there's snug and only bend this out on
the other one is to pull this out and I
broke the clips see I broke the clips an
accident and then you can twist this and
pull the bulb out to change it for here
well on the other one it was busted so I
could just pull the bulb out through the
other way that's in there and pain in
the ass part as much as getting it back
in huh
as much as getting them back out just
eating it back in mulching so all these
are lined up you down the lineup ah now
this bottom when they line it up all
right
bottom ones lined up that one's lined up
this one's lined up and push
ah go how about them apples and I just
hand tighten this Oh use tools or
nothing maybe to get it out originally
holy cow this is the way around I'm kind
of push on it as you tighten it
awesome nigga
see I could just reach through and pull
the bulb out but now I think I'm gonna
my next goal is to get these these are
like 11 bucks to get a set I didn't need
to replace this one but I was like why
not this one's newer so I'm going to
replace the bolt those two and one day
when I can afford to pay the thirteen
fourteen hundred dollars I'm gonna have
a body shop fix this and this is pretty
easy just you didn't know one
and then there's all these screws thank
you screw them back on I don't have a
hole well my blinker is on you on the
ground you would see a very bright white
light because it's broken now it's not
yay this is what would Josh do and I'm
out
this one's not busted anymore I just one
day I better get this fixed kind of I
think this was when the accident
happened and kind of I don't know see
the whole new bumper since that's all
jacked up and then find me another Ford
Ranger with the 95 96 or 97 grille
tip no
you